README.md, before:

# Robban

![robban-ui](docs/images/robban-ui.png)

# What is Robban?

Visual Web UI to monitor multiple helm releases and to promote images accross them.

**Robban** means **Ship Captain** in Arabic.

# How does it work?

Robban uses a simple declarative YAML file to allow you to describe the Helm releases you manage and the application images inside them [example yaml file](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/examples/example.yaml).

Robban scans your cluster for helm releases and using JSONPath it disects the images that are deployed there. then it draws a kanban board allowing you to visually see what is deployed where.

You can also promote images accross release as you prefer using simple drag&drop between columns (releases).

# Based on helmsman

Robban is forked from helmsman. and when it promotes an image it utilizes helmsman plans.

# Install

## From binary

Please make sure the following are installed prior to using `Robban` as a binary (the docker image contains all of them):

- [kubectl](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubectl)
- [helm](https://github.com/helm/helm) (helm >=v3.0.0)
- [helm-diff](https://github.com/databus23/helm-diff) (`helmsman` >= 1.6.0)

If you use private helm repos, you will need either `helm-gcs` or `helm-s3` plugin or you can use basic auth to authenticate to your repos. See the [docs](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/docs/how_to/helm_repos) for details.


## As a docker image
Check the images on [dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/tactful/robban)

```bash
docker run -it -v /path/to/config/dir:/opt/config -p 8080:8080 tactful/robban -f config/myconfig.yaml


```

# Documentation

- [How-Tos](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/docs/how_to/).

- [Desired state specification](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/docs/desired_state_specification.md).

- [CMD reference](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/docs/cmd_reference.md)


## Usage

Robban can be used in three different settings:

- [As a binary with a hosted cluster](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/docs/how_to/settings).
- [As a docker image in a CI system or local machine](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/docs/how_to/deployments/ci.md) Always use a tagged docker image from [dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/praqma/helmsman/) as the `latest` image can (at times) be unstable.
- [As a docker image inside a k8s cluster](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/docs/how_to/deployments/inside_k8s.md)


# Contributing

Pull requests, feedback/feature requests are welcome. Please check our [contribution guide](CONTRIBUTION.md).

# UI Credits

Vue based kanban board UI adopted from: 
https://codesandbox.io/s/animated-draggable-kanban-board-with-tailwind-and-vue-1ry0p

Commit message:

fix slow loading issue and write docs, lots and lots of docs

README.md, after:

# Robban

![robban-ui](docs/images/robban-ui.png)

# What is Robban?

Visual Web UI to monitor multiple helm releases and to promote images accross them.

**Robban** means **Ship Captain** in Arabic.

# How does it work?

Robban uses a simple declarative YAML file to allow you to describe the Helm releases you manage and the application images inside them [example yaml file](examples/example.yaml).

Robban scans your cluster for helm releases and using JSONPath it disects the images that are deployed there. then it draws a kanban board allowing you to visually see what is deployed where.

You can also promote images accross release as you prefer using simple drag&drop between columns (releases).

# Based on helmsman

Robban is forked from helmsman. and when it promotes an image it utilizes helmsman plans.

# Install

## From binary

Please make sure the following are installed prior to using `Robban` as a binary (the docker image contains all of them):

- [kubectl](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubectl)
- [helm](https://github.com/helm/helm) (helm >=v3.0.0)
- [helm-diff](https://github.com/databus23/helm-diff) (`helmsman` >= 1.6.0)

If you use private helm repos, you will need either `helm-gcs` or `helm-s3` plugin or you can use basic auth to authenticate to your repos. See the [docs](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/docs/how_to/helm_repos) for details.


## As a docker image
Check the images on [dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/tactful/robban)

```bash
docker run -v /path/to/config/dir:/opt/config \
    -p 8080:8080 tactful/robban \
    -f config/myconfig.yaml
```

# Documentation

- [How-Tos](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/docs/how_to/).

- [Desired state specification](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/docs/desired_state_specification.md).

- [CMD reference](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/docs/cmd_reference.md)


## Usage

Robban can be used in three different settings:

- [As a binary with a hosted cluster](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/docs/how_to/settings).
- [As a docker image in a CI system or local machine](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/docs/how_to/deployments/ci.md) Always use a tagged docker image from [dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/praqma/helmsman/) as the `latest` image can (at times) be unstable.
- [As a docker image inside a k8s cluster](https://github.com/Praqma/helmsman/blob/master/docs/how_to/deployments/inside_k8s.md)


# Roadmap and Contributing

These are the proposed features planned for the next version [V1 Project](https://github.com/tactful-ai/robban/projects/1). If you are interested in contributing please leave a comment on the issue you can help with.

Pull requests, feedback/feature requests are welcome. Please check our [contribution guide](CONTRIBUTION.md).

# UI Credits

Vue based kanban board UI adopted from: 
https://codesandbox.io/s/animated-draggable-kanban-board-with-tailwind-and-vue-1ry0p
